      WHAT IS THIS FILE?
      Because TSTA is everchanging its dialogue, and reforms on the way, I will generate the lines that are changed in the new .json file.
      This is to aid translators in finding which dialogues they need to change. It will change each patch.

      TRANSLATORS: If you finish the line, you can delete it.
      
      "For our old world to be revived, bring these things for it to thrive. Every tree begins as seed. Give it sun, its greatest need.": "For our old world to be revived, bring these things for it to thrive. Every tree begins as seed. Give it sun, its greatest need.",
      "That is the order it shall follow; else it will stay dead and hollow. Input these words as a secret code, but put a star in the fifth node.": "That is the order it shall follow; else it will stay dead and hollow. Input these words as a secret code, but put a star in the fifth node.",
      "With those two things, fresh air will flourish, so plants and animals can thrive and nourish. But best beware the spreading flames, the air might spark it all ablaze.": "With those two things, fresh air will flourish, so plants and animals can thrive and nourish. But best beware the spreading flames, the air might spark it all ablaze.",
      "There's the tornadoes, which throw small objects in the air. They're annoying, but if you down thurst, you can actually fight back against its pull.": "There's the tornadoes, which throw small objects in the air. They're annoying, but if you down thurst, you can actually fight back against its pull.",
      "We know that this enemy is not of our kind, so we can protect our most important bases from enemy espionage using biometric scanners.": "We know that this enemy is not of our kind, so we can protect our most important bases from enemy espionage using biometric scanners.",
      "Our biometrics system makes no distinction between a living face and a deceased skull. Unfortunately, this flaw cannot be fixed, so we must take extra care to avoid being captured, dead or alive.": "Our biometrics system makes no distinction between a living face and a deceased skull. Unfortunately, this flaw cannot be fixed, so we must take extra care to avoid being captured, dead or alive.",
      "We've discovered that this planet is actually a convergence point where three timelines meet. As such, the three versions of this planet are not just states, but fragments of entirely different relities. After changing states using the stalls we built, we found alternate versions of this very laboratory. Could our actions here have affected these alternate timelines?": "We've discovered that this planet is actually a convergence point where three timelines meet. As such, the three versions of this planet are not just states, but fragments of entirely different relities. After changing states using the stalls we built, we found alternate versions of this very laboratory. Could our actions here have affected these alternate timelines?",
      "Orders from HQ: Do not interfere with the peculiar machine inside the lab on the planet's bright ice state. Our engineers believe it can be powered by a mineral with special properties, but its effects are unknown. The machine has been deemed harzardous until we can be fully certain it is safe.": "Orders from HQ: Do not interfere with the peculiar machine inside the lab on the planet's bright ice state. Our engineers believe it can be powered by a mineral with special properties, but its effects are unknown. The machine has been deemed harzardous until we can be fully certain it is safe.",
      "A submerged light sensor on the poison lake state is key to entering the lab on the thin-ice state. It is annoying to locate the sensor in its native state, but we cannot risk leaving the lab open all the time. Instead, we left scratches in the ice at the equivalent location in the current state. Placing a light-emitting marker there before changing states should make finding the sensor significantly easier.": "A submerged light sensor on the poison lake state is key to entering the lab on the thin-ice state. It is annoying to locate the sensor in its native state, but we cannot risk leaving the lab open all the time. Instead, we left scratches in the ice at the equivalent location in the current state. Placing a light-emitting marker there before changing states should make finding the sensor significantly easier.",
      "There is a crack in the ice not far from the lab, caused by a heavy object. The ice on this state is too thick to break, but we predict that shattering the ice on a different state may be possible due to the interconnected nature of the states, provided enough weight is added.": "There is a crack in the ice not far from the lab, caused by a heavy object. The ice on this state is too thick to break, but we predict that shattering the ice on a different state may be possible due to the interconnected nature of the states, provided enough weight is added.",
      "ALERT! ALERT! WE'VE BEEN SPOTTED! DESTROY IT! MOVE ALL OPERATIONS TO THE VOLCANIC MOON!": "ALERT! ALERT! WE'VE BEEN SPOTTED! DESTROY IT! MOVE ALL OPERATIONS TO THE VOLCANIC MOON!",
      "According to our research, taking a photo of a quantum object has the potential to increase the object's weight. Interestingly, this phenomenon is completely disconnected from observation, and persists even after the object ceases to be observed or the photo is destroyed.": "According to our research, taking a photo of a quantum object has the potential to increase the object's weight. Interestingly, this phenomenon is completely disconnected from observation, and persists even after the object ceases to be observed or the photo is destroyed.",
      "We’ve finally identified this machine’s function! It is a quantum field manipulator, tuned to decrease the range of nearby quantum objects by increasing their quantum weight. It is unclear to us what purpose that might serve.": "We’ve finally identified this machine’s function! It is a quantum field manipulator, tuned to decrease the range of nearby quantum objects by increasing their quantum weight. It is unclear to us what purpose that might serve.",
      "Now that we know what this machine is capable of, we can let HQ know it's safe to interact with.": "Now that we know what this machine is capable of, we can let HQ know it's safe to interact with.",
      "The first stanza in the Research House is \"For our old world to be revived, bring these things for it to thrive. Every tree begins as seed. Give it sun, its greatest need\".": "The first stanza in the Research House is \"For our old world to be revived, bring these things for it to thrive. Every tree begins as seed. Give it sun, its greatest need\".",
      "The third stanza in the Theater House is \"With those two things, fresh air will flourish, so plants and animals can thrive and nourish. But best beware the spreading flames, the air might spark it all ablaze\".": "The third stanza in the Theater House is \"With those two things, fresh air will flourish, so plants and animals can thrive and nourish. But best beware the spreading flames, the air might spark it all ablaze\".",
      "The fourth stanza in the Bramble Museum is \"Fourth, keep out a watchful eye. Make sure our offspring does not die\".": "The fourth stanza in the Bramble Museum is \"Fourth, keep out a watchful eye. Make sure our offspring does not die\".",
      "The fifth and final stanza in the Signal House is \"That is the order it shall follow; else it will stay dead and hollow. Input these words as a secret code, but put a star in the fifth node\".": "The fifth and final stanza in the Signal House is \"That is the order it shall follow; else it will stay dead and hollow. Input these words as a secret code, but put a star in the fifth node\".",
      "Researchers found that Distant Enigma exists at the intersection of three timelines. They also mention the lab changes each state.": "Researchers found that Distant Enigma exists at the intersection of three timelines. They also mention the lab changes each state.",
      "On the third state, they discovered a machine powered by a mineral. It was deemed too risky to interact with.": "On the third state, they discovered a machine powered by a mineral. It was deemed too risky to interact with.",
      "Shown in a picture on one of the tables is a scratch in the ice of the current state. The researchers say it marks the location of a light sensor submerged in the poison state. The sensor will be easier to find if an object that can emit light is placed near the scratch before changing states.": "Shown in a picture on one of the tables is a scratch in the ice of the current state. The researchers say it marks the location of a light sensor submerged in the poison state. The sensor will be easier to find if an object that can emit light is placed near the scratch before changing states.",
      "Shown in a picture on one of the tables is a crack in the ice of the current state. The researchers say a heavy object here may shatter the ice in a different state.": "Shown in a picture on one of the tables is a crack in the ice of the current state. The researchers say a heavy object here may shatter the ice in a different state.",
      "It seems the lab was torn down and all operations within were moved to the volcanic moon.": "It seems the lab was torn down and all operations within were moved to the volcanic moon.",
      "According to some text I saw lying near the shores of the second state, taking a photo of a quantum object increases that object's weight. This effect persists, so a photo can be taken once and then put away.": "According to some text I saw lying near the shores of the second state, taking a photo of a quantum object increases that object's weight. This effect persists, so a photo can be taken once and then put away.",
      "The machine is tuned to increase the quantum weight of nearby quantum objects, thus decreasing their range.": "The machine is tuned to increase the quantum weight of nearby quantum objects, thus decreasing their range.",
      "The engineers determined that the machine is safe to interact with.": "The engineers determined that the machine is safe to interact with.",
      "The Strangers' Inhabitants set up a biometric authentication system to prevent alien espionage.": "The Strangers' Inhabitants set up a biometric authentication system to prevent alien espionage.",
      "The biometrics are flawed, and will unlock in the presence of a deceased inhabitant skull.": "The biometrics are flawed, and will unlock in the presence of a deceased inhabitant skull.",
      "I found a square piece of metal under the ice of the third state. It looks like it fits somewhere...": "I found a square piece of metal under the ice of the third state. It looks like it fits somewhere...",